Adding testing scenarios (#78)
microsoft/DevHomeAzureExtension: TestingScenarios.md

## Testing Scenarios
These are the testing scenarios that need to be validated before shipping a new release.  When an automated test is added, please remove it from the below lists.

> 1. User can type URL in 'Issue' space and 'Pull Requests' space
> 1. User can see Issue widget and Pull Request widget in dashboard after pinning them
> 1. Widgets can be customized and persist after restart
> 1. Widgets have correct data
> 1. Widgets are adequately performant
> 1. User can log in and get the list of repositories 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Widgets
1. For each widget: user can configure the widget before pinning
1. For each widget: user can see widget in dashboard after pinning
1. For each widget that supports customization: can be customized and persist after restart
1. Widgets have correct data
1. Widgets are adequately performant

### Clone repositories
1. User can log in and get the list of repositories 
```
